So here's my solution to exercise to S3 lifecycle policy.
Going to login to the AWS management console and go to S3.
You can also find S3 by typing S3 here in the search bar,
or find the S3 up here under services.
So we're going to go to S3, and I'm going to create
an S3 bucket called Leslie Cloudlab bucket,
and I'm going to accept all of the default settings,
making sure I'm in the right region,
US East 1, Northern Virginia.
I'm just going to accept all the defaults next,
next, next, and then create my bucket.
So I'll go ahead and open my bucket here,
and I'm going to upload a couple of files of a decent size.
Let's take the AWS Well Architected Framework,
and the Cost Optimization Pillar,
and go ahead and upload those files.
Now that my files are uploaded,
we're going to create our lifecycle policy.
We're going to start by selecting
the management tab and click here on "Add lifecycle rule".
I'm going to name my rule Leslie Cloudlab Rule,
and it's going to apply to all objects in my bucket.
Select the current version of my files because there really are no previous versions.
We're going to start by adding our first transition, click "Add Transition".
What we're going to do is we're going to transition our files to
standard and frequent access after 31 days.
Our second transition is going to be,
to move our files to Glacier after 61 days.
We're going to have to accept that we acknowledged that this lifecycle rule will
increase if the objects are too small for the transition.
So accept that and click "Next".
We're going to configure an exploration or
deletion of our files on the current version again,
and we're going to set those files to be deleted after a 180 days and click on "Next".
Once again, acknowledge the lifecycle rule.
Basically, AWS wants you to acknowledge
that you know you're going to be deleting files after a 180 days,
and we're going to save our rule.
As we can see now, we have a lifecycle rule that's going to move
our files to IA after 31 days and after 61 days,
it's going to move them to Glacier.
In other words, end of the exercise.
Let's make sure we delete our lifecycle rule, confirm it.
If you like, you can actually go back to our bucket and you can delete that as well.
Thanks for completing an exercise and don't forget to log out.